well howdy there internet people its
bogan I'm sure everybody still wants to
talk about the white house and what's
going on there but something else came
up and it's honestly not gonna matter to
most of you I looked at the analytics
the demographic that I'm gonna be
talking to here it's only about 3,000 of
you only about 3,000 but if it resonates
with one it is worth it so the other
thing I have to start off by saying is
everything here that I'm about to talk
about is alleged it's alleged I don't
even have a copy of the police report
yet I normally don't like to do things
just off of news articles but this is
more of a jumping off point to a wider
discussion so what happened allegedly a
12 year old girl was pushed to the
ground at school on the playground had
her mouth covered as a group of boys cut
off pieces of her hair called her nappy
said she was ugly and that she never
should have been born
this is said to have happened at
Emmanuel Christian school this is the
ever tolerant school that in their
new-hire kit makes teachers say that
everything is wrong marriage is just
between a man and a woman no
cohabitation before marriage no
premarital homosexuality like everything
is wrong
they spent a lot of time in their
new-hire kit regulating attempting to
regulate people's bedrooms and maybe
they should spend more time attempting
to regulate the playground this is the
school where Mike Pence's wife works the
vice president's wife works here there's
a whole lot to unpack there you have the
obvious alleged assault complete with
racist overtones but that's not what I
want to talk about I won't talk about
that other thing
ugly never should have been born
beauty standards of garbage especially
in the United States especially in the
United States we're a very diverse
country yet the beauty standards are
very very Eurocentric and they change
beauty standards aren't standard by any
means if you go back and look at what
was like the top 50 celebrities in 1990
they're gonna be very different than
today it's changing it's becoming more
diverse it's becoming more inclusive
there's more exposure to people of color
so more of them make it into that little
chart but that's what those standards
are based on and we forget that none of
that's real none of that is real it's
all fake and there are people trying to
live up to it and especially within the
demographic I'm talking to right now
people are trying to live up to it
there's no reason to there's no reason
to because the people that care about
that well we'll get there
never let anybody tell you you're worth
now if you are in this age bracket I
understand beauty standards are
important to your self-worth right now
in the long run they don't matter
just trust me be straight a violinist as
she was in this case she's gonna have a
better life than the plastic Becky in
her class I don't want to put too much
of a spoiler out there but just make
sure you go your high school or Union
it'll be entertaining the other thing is
the people that would say something like
this ugly never should be born they're
telling you their perception of your
value as a person if you're not pretty
or nothing your trophy trust me it's not
the guy you want it's not the guy you
want
if it's happening this young the age
this is reportedly happening that's so
so deeply rooted it's never going away
it's never going away it's one of those
unique things where you can look at how
somebody values other people and then
the end it ends up telling you a whole
lot more about their value
we have a long way to go in this country
a long way to go there's so much wrong
with this but at the end it's the
devaluation of people summing them up by
what can be exploited from them
apparently that's already taken root in
the sixth grade I would say that this is
a very strong indictment of that school
I mean go figure an intolerant school
produces intolerant children very
Christian
never
never let a man determine your worth
because most men don't know about you
anyway it's just a fall y'all have a
good night